EDU-3996: Add documentation for how to connect with api keys and multi-region namespaces (#3361)
temporalio/documentation: docs/production-deployment/cloud/api-keys.mdx

Use this gRPC endpoint in the Temporal CLI or SDK to connect to Temporal Cloud with an API key.

:::info

> For [Multi-region Namespaces](/cloud/multi-region) with API key authentication enabled, use the gRPC endpoint format `<namespace>.<account>.tmprl.cloud:7233`. This allows automated regional failover without needing to switch endpoints.

Reviewer: Please put every sentence on one line. This is apart of our style and makes it easier when we want to comment on particular lines later. Thanks!

Use this gRPC endpoint in the Temporal CLI or SDK to connect to Temporal Cloud with an API key.

:::info

> For [multi-region Namespaces](/cloud/multi-region) with API key authentication enabled, use the gRPC endpoint format `<namespace>.<account>.tmprl.cloud:7233`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For [Namespaces with High Availability features](/cloud/high-availability) with API key authentication enabled, use the gRPC endpoint format `<namespace>.<account>.tmprl.cloud:7233`.
```

> For [Namespaces with High Availability Features](/cloud/high-availability) with API key authentication enabled, use the gRPC endpoint format `<namespace>.<account>.tmprl.cloud:7233`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For [Namespaces with High Availability features](/cloud/high-availability) with API key authentication enabled, use the gRPC endpoint format: `<namespace>.<account>.tmprl.cloud:7233`.
```

> This allows automated regional failover without needing to switch endpoints.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This allows automated failovers without needing to switch endpoints.
```
